And this moment in time my original document is small.
I would even say tiny so adding comments would probably be an overkill.
However as your projects are gonna grow bigger in size it's wise to have some kind of documentation.
What is happening in the project for us.
We use the comments in an email.
Now the syntax for the comment would be very simple.
We have the angle bracket then we're going to be looking for exclamation mark and then we have to dash.
Now the moment you type that as you notice you're having this green line.
So now whatever we're going to write is not going to be shown on a web page.
So in order to test it out you can just say hello there.
Notice what I'm gonna say.
It's not going to be shown here on a webpage.
Now again we can write here a novel if we would like to.
But in general you would just write some kind of comments about what is happening whether you were working
with the team or whether you're just working on this by yourself.
Because trust me if you work on something let's say two weeks ago and then again you load the file on
your starting going through comments really help you to get up and running of what's happening in your
project because even though you created it trust me two weeks later it's gonna be hard for you to remember.
Now we also have an option of just creating comments with a shortcut and that shortcut would be very
simple.
We would have to press command and then forward slash the forward slash is gonna be left from your shift
key and then just like that again we have the comment.
So let's say here I could say you get me image image and then I'm gonna head over to where the second
having three is.
Again I'm going to create another comment and let's say laptop image again.
In this case this would be clearly an overkill but in general this is how we would work with comments.
Now I also would like to show you how we can use the line break because having a comment is one thing
or you know what.
No I forgot to tell you something.
We also have an option of adding the code within the comment that we would like to hide or that particular
time.
So let's say that I would like to just check how this image on the laptop was gonna look like.
However I wouldn't want to delete the DMA altogether.
So what we can do all here is we can create a comment and as you can see this would be my comment.
And if I'm gonna place whatever regime elements I would like within this comment they're not going to
be displayed on a page.
So for now I just cut them out and copy and paste them in here.
Now notice first of all they're green.
So we can see already that they're not going to be rendered.
And the moment I'm going to service trying this out.
So obviously I don't have this anymore rendered image.
Now obviously if you would like to render it again just delete the comments and everything is gonna
be working fine.
So that's another use where you would use the comment where let's say you would like to test something
out of something looks but you don't want to delete that other part.
Then you would just basically comment it out now like I said back to the line breaks because as you
can see even though I'm adding here let's say more space in my email hours and nothing is happening
in my webpage because again I actually email would be whitespace collapsing.
So instead we would need to use the element and the element would be Lindberg.
Now the syntax for the Lindberg would be very simple.
We would just need to write booyah.
And again we can use them for that obviously.
And obviously if I'm going to press on it not as this.
Now I'm starting to get some kind of line breaks.
Now that ours is only one break.
So let me just copy and paste it to have a few more just so we can see for sure that we have more.
One two three or four something and the one terminal served notice I'm getting line breaks.
Not that would work whether in between the image and having three as well as if we're going to have
some line breaks over here.
So again we just cut this out or copy paste it and we can do the same thing over here and obviously
the more line breaks we're going to add apologies then the more space you're going to have in between.